OSDOCS-16264_RN: adding AWS EUSC RN (#111216)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rn-ocp-release-notes-new-features.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-install-update_{context}"]
== Installation and update

> === Installing a cluster on {aws-short} in the European Sovereign Cloud region (Technology Preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Installing a cluster on {aws-short} European Sovereign Cloud (Technology Preview)
```

> You can now install {product-title} on {aws-first} in the European Sovereign Cloud (EUSC) region. The {aws-short} EUSC (`eusc-de-east-1`) region is separate and independent from other {aws-short} regions. The infrastructure is located wholly within the European Union (EU). Specific limitations apply, including that you must edit your `install-config.yaml` file to specify a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI) in the `amiID` field. The {aws-short} EUSC region is available as a Technology Preview feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now install {product-title} on {aws-first} in the European Sovereign Cloud (EUSC) region (eusc-de-east-1) as a Technology Preview feature. The {aws-short} EUSC region is independent from other {aws-short} regions, with all infrastructure located within the European Union (EU).

You must specify a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI) in the `platform.aws.defaultMachinePlatform.amiID` field of your install-config.yaml file.

For additional limitations and setup instructions, see xref:../installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc#installation-aws-eusc_region_installing-aws-account[{aws-short} EUSC].
```

How about this? WDYT?

[id="ocp-release-notes-install-update_{context}"]
== Installation and update

Installing a cluster on {aws-short} European Sovereign Cloud (Technology Preview)::
+
You can now install {product-title} on {aws-first} in the European Sovereign Cloud (EUSC) region (`eusc-de-east-1`). The {aws-short} EUSC region is separate and independent from other {aws-short} regions, with all the infrastructure located within the European Union (EU). You must specify a custom Amazon Machine Image (AMI) in the `platform.aws.defaultMachinePlatform.amiID` field of your `install-config.yaml` file. Other limitations also apply. The {aws-short} EUSC region is available as a Technology Preview feature.
+

> For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc#installation-aws-eusc_region_installing-aws-account[{aws-short} EUSC].

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I thought all TP features go in the TP heading, no? @tmalove can you advise?

Otherwise LGTM though might need a rebase.

Author: @ShaunaDiaz @tmalove, For Install release notes, where it applies, we usually include '(Technology Preview)' in the title. For [4.21](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.21/html-single/release_notes/index#ocp-release-notes-install-update_release-notes), see the examples 'Installing a cluster on AWS with a user-provisioned DNS (Technology Preview)' and 'Installing a cluster on Microsoft Azure with a user-provisioned DNS (Technology Preview)'.
